1-	What is risk?
 The possibility of something bad happening

2-	What is uncertainty?
 Situations involving imperfect of unknown information

3-	What is risk perception?
 The subjective judgement that people make about the characteristics and severity of a risk.

4-	According to The Oxford English Dictionary - What is the definition of Risk?
(Exposure to) the possibility of loss, injury, or other adverse or unwelcome circumstance; a 
chance or situation involving such a possibility

5-	What is Interest-rate risk?
The decline in the prices of fixed-income securities that may accompany a rise in the overall level of interest rates.

6-	What is Liquidity risk?
Little or no active trading market for specific types of securities, it can become more difficult to sell the 
securities in a timely manner at or near their perceived value.

7-	What is Credit risk?
Failure of an issuer of a security to make timely interest or principal payments when due. 
Or a decline or perception of a decline in the cradit quality of a security can cause the security's price to fall.

8-	What is Repurchase agreement counterparty risk?
The fund is subject to risk that a counterpart in a repurchase agreement and/or, for a tri-party repurchase agreement,
the third party bank providing payment administration, collateral custody and management
services for the transaction, could fail to honor the terms of the agreement. 

9-	What is Liquidity fee and/or Redemption gate risk?
The fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your share or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's
liquidity falls below required minimums because of unusual market conditions, an unusually high volume of redemption 
requests, redemptions by a few large investors.

10-	What is Allocation risk?
Investments in the fund are subject to risks related to the investment adviser's allocation choices.

11- What is Issuer risk?
The prives of, and the income generated by, securities held by the underlying funds may decline in response to various
factors directly related to the issuers of the securities, including reduced demand for an issuer's goods or services, poor management
performance, major litigation against the issuer, changes in government regulations affecting the issuer or its competitive environment and strategic
initiatives such as mergers, acqusitions or dispositions and the market response to any such intitiatives. 

12-	What is Currency risk?
The prices of, and the income generated by, many debt securities held by the underlying funds may also be affected by changes in relative
currency values. If the U.S. dollar appreciates against foreign currencies, the value in U.S. dollars of an underlying fund's securities denominated,
in such currencies would generally fall and vice versa.